Hey, guys, I 'm here on the land.
east slows down the map that
stay here in the eastern kingdoms right here and
I 'm right here at the gate of
east wall is that it has a dungeon that
to home but here at the gate of the
net woman is where the entrance is
back of the instance and in this video I
show how to get this mount that is the
death steed to resell the mount
has about a 1% chance of falling
of the final boss of the dungeon and then let's go
over there
this instance can be done in the
Normal even just have a way
normal
so that means you can do
the instances and how many times you
I want the same day
you just have to take in
consider that you can only
visit an instance five times per
hour
this is an easy instance is
level 45 plus or minus then any
player level 80 or higher can
solar quietly
you can use your
invisibility if you have to avoid
combat with modes and can also
should use any effect you have
speed to make your way
faster and then we're going to go
speed up a little video to be able to go
faster and here in this instance
next you have access to the
last ball you will have to the first
clean the three insureds that are where
are the 3 main bosses of the instance
then you can clear the extras in the
order you prefer
but you need to kill all the furniture
that are inside the gradis
so we're going on here killing these
trash mobs and here is already the first
We surely enter into the
insured tim and have to kill all these
furniture in here
when you kill all these furniture you
can see on the chat channel in the game that
appears a very red pnj side scream
a crystal was dropped then this
means they're already clean
Now we go to the second and secured and
kill all the ways that are there
inside
You can see that it has appeared one more time.
the same final message is everything
right
so it's just a question of killing the
the third mobile safely and
gate to the boot will be open here
in this part
You're locked up for a few seconds.
You have to use it from my area to
kill the cockroaches
if you have any ability to
velocity that increases speed by
few seconds you should use
Can you pass from that door and you?
saves a little time but if you
stay locked
No problem, it's just a matter of
wait here then the third hold
people are going to kill the bosses and the
they are in there
and now you will see a message
different channel in the chat channel that
the main base of the forest is
vulnerable
so it's just a matter of coming back now and
They entered a gate that is now
open the gate was closed before
this gate only opens when the three
insured are clean
so if you see this gate closed
go back to the bars and make sure that
all mobs inside are dead
You keep x mobs after you kill
all these furniture appear boss and
kill him then he will see several mobius
you kill them
also and now there's another group of
moby you kill these mobs and now you
end door of the boss will be open
then is this boss ac dropa mount
remembering that it has approximately 1%
of chance then it's very rare and we'll see
if a mount falls, it does not fall but everything
well then you can leave the instance
You come back the same way you came.
you leave the instance you can result
instance and try again up to five
times an hour and that's it I hope
You're lucky and I hope you liked it.
video and until the next